README.md, before:

## Description

Tiny messenger app almost without 3-rd party js-libraries.

Supported features:

- Sign Up, Sign In, Logout;
- Edit profile;
- Add/Delete Chatroom, Add/Remove user from created chatroom;
- Leave chat;
- Get/send messages;

## Install

- `npm i` — get required npm-packages;
- `npm run start` — build dist and start express-server on port 3000;
- `npm run production` — make production build;
- `npm run dev` — run in development mode;
- `npm run test` — run tests;

## Figma Template

https://www.figma.com/file/kqWKWcB5G9ftqEFnkh2Sr9/Chat-(Copy)?node-id=0%3A1

## App
https://elated-aryabhata-ab7239.netlify.app

## API Documentation

https://ya-praktikum.tech/api/v2/swagger/#/

## Pull request SPRINT 3

https://github.com/KrasnokutskiyEA/middle.messenger.praktikum.yandex/pull/8

Added features:

- Router (`classes/Route.ts`, `classes/Router.ts`)
- Api, Controllers layer added
- Store (`Store.ts`)
- Websocket
- Loading chat messages on scroll
- Unit-tests
- Security: xssFilter, rate-limiter (helmet)

## todo

- add avatars to messages on chat page. Improve avatars everywhere;
- add chatroom search functionality on a main page;
- send files to chat
- fix time format in messages and chats
- Use login instead of id to Add user/Remove user from chat.

Commit message:

Deps update (#12)
* Sprint 4 exp (#9)

* WIP

* WIP

* WIP

* WIP

* commit with error

* commit with error

* commit ok

* WIP

Co-authored-by: krasnokutskiy.e <Krasnokutskiy.E@ostec-group.ru>

* WIP (#10)

Co-authored-by: krasnokutskiy.e <Krasnokutskiy.E@ostec-group.ru>

* WIP

* WIP

* updated dependencies

---------

Co-authored-by: krasnokutskiy.e <Krasnokutskiy.E@ostec-group.ru>

README.md, after:

## Description

Tiny messenger app almost without 3-rd party js-libraries.

Supported features:

- Sign Up, Sign In, Logout;
- Edit profile;
- Add/Delete Chatroom, Add/Remove user from created chatroom;
- Leave chat;
- Get/send messages;

## Install

- `npm i` — get required npm-packages;
- `npm run build` — make production build;
- `npm run build:image` — make docker-image;
- `npm run docker` — dockerize app and run it on port 3000;
- `npm run dev` — run in development mode (webpack dev server);
- `npm run test` — run tests;
- `npm run lint` — check lint errors;

## Figma Template

https://www.figma.com/file/kqWKWcB5G9ftqEFnkh2Sr9/Chat-(Copy)?node-id=0%3A1

## App published on Netlify
https://elated-aryabhata-ab7239.netlify.app

## App published on Heroku
https://chat-app-krasnokutskiy.herokuapp.com/

## API Documentation

https://ya-praktikum.tech/api/v2/swagger/#/

## Pull request SPRINT 3

https://github.com/KrasnokutskiyEA/middle.messenger.praktikum.yandex/pull/8

- Router (`classes/Route.ts`, `classes/Router.ts`)
- Api, Controllers layer added
- Store (`Store.ts`)
- Websocket
- Loading chat messages on scroll
- Unit-tests
- Security: xssFilter, rate-limiter (helmet)

## Pull request SPRINT 4

https://github.com/KrasnokutskiyEA/middle.messenger.praktikum.yandex/pull/11

- Using Webpack instead of Parcel
- Packaged App in a Docker image
- Deploy on Heroku
- Added pre-commit (husky)

## todo

- Critical stuff:
1) fix ts errors
2) add comments everywhere
3) fix nav-bar flicker
4) adapt ui for mobile

- Functionality related stuff:
1) add avatars to messages on chat page. Improve avatars everywhere;
2) add chatroom search functionality on a main page;
3) fix time format in messages and chats
4) Use login instead of id to Add user/Remove user from chat.
5) send files to chat
